KNOWN ISSUES
------------

Please send any bug reports to the authors at the email addresses in
README.txt!

1. The compiler optimization flags have been set to -O3 in the
   Makefile.  The only platform/compilers for which this is known to
   cause problems are

   (1) The Apple LLVM compiler v6.0 that ships with Xcode tools v6.1
   and later (at least through v6.3.2).  In this case erroneous code
   is produced for optimization levels other than -O0 (although -O0 is
   fine).  Note that this compiler works fine with TSIL_DOUBLE data at
   all optimization levels.

   (2) icc v12.1.4 under RedHat Linux and for TSIL_LONG datatypes.  In
   this case erroneous code is produced for optimization levels other
   than -O0 (although -O0 is fine).  Note that this compiler works
   fine with TSIL_DOUBLE data at all optimization levels.

   (2) gcc v2.96, also under RedHat Linux. Again, erroneous code is
   produced for optimization levels other than -O0. Later versions of
   gcc are fine with -O3, however.

   However, if anomalous results (very long computation times and/or
   wrong results) are encountered, the user may wish to test whether
   these can be eliminated by using -O0 instead of -O3.  The speed
   penalty for -O0 is not excessive.

   (In one known case -- system running Red Hat 4.1.2-52 with gcc
   4.1.2 -- erroneous code is produced for TSIL_LONG data and -O0,
   though not for any other optimization level. TSIL_DOUBLE data works
   fine at all optimization levels.)

2. The test suite can and will result in a few WARNs and even FAILs
   being reported. This is because some of the cases tested have large
   mass hierarchies, where some of the functions are very sensitive to
   roundoff errors.

   Most commonly, with TSIL_LONG data one obtains 313 PASSes and 7
   WARNs.  With TSIL_DOUBLE data one obtains 303 PASSes, 16 WARNs, and
   1 FAIL.

3. If warning messages become annoying, they can be turned off with

      TSIL_WarnsOff ();

   Alternatively, one can redirect stderr to a file; e.g. if using
   ksh/bash

      ./tsil 1 2 3 4 5 10 1 > out 2> errmsgs

   would place the standard output in a file "out" and warnings and
   errors in "errmsgs".
